## Reflection Document

### HTML

**01-html**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I was able to complete the exercises on my own without needing the videos or solutions.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one exercise that was particularly helpful?

->The exercises were very useful for understanding basic HTML elements and their layouts. The form exercise was particularly helpful as it covered multiple properties and attributes, clarifying their roles and significance.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**02-a11y**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the videos or the solutions for help?

-> I completed the exercises on my own, with some assistance from the videos.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->The exercises were beneficial for grasping the importance of semantics in web development. The accessibility form was very helpful.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**03-css**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the videos or the solutions for help?

->I completed the exercises on my own, with some assistance from the videos for refining code.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one exercise that was particularly helpful?

->The exercises gave clear understanding of CSS selectors and reducing redundant code. The exercise on specificity was insightful.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**04-flexbox**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I was able to complete the exercises myself.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

-> This was a fun exercise to test my logical skills.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**05-css-grid**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I was able to complete the exercises on my own.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->The exercises in this section were very helpful in understanding the concept of css grid.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**06-bootstrap**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I completed the exercises on my own with minimal help from the videos.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->For a beginner, this exercise was helpful to understand bootsrap concepts.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**07-javascript**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I was able to complete the exercises with the help of videos.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->The exercises were very helpful, particularly those on DOM manipulation, destructuring, and functional programming.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**08-jquery**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I used the solutions for help.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->The exercises were very helpful for understanding jQuery clearly. Although I mostly used the solutions for the 02-ajax exercise, I now feel more confident in handling jQuery in the future.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

### Accessibility

**01-html**

All four exercises were checked for accessibility using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML. No errors were found.

**NOTE :** The links provided for loading the puppy and kitten images seems to be no longer valid, so the webpage does not display any puppy and kitten images in the "02-images.html" exercise. Please suggest alternative links as this may appear to be an accessibility issue.

**02-a11y**

The form exercise was checked for accessibility using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML. No errors were found.

**03-css**

All six exercises were verified for accessibility using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tools for HTML and CSS. No errors were found.

**04-flexbox**

The flexbox exercise was checked for accessibility using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tools for HTML and CSS. No errors were found.

**05-css-grid**

The grid exercises were checked for accessibility using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tools for HTML and CSS. No errors were found.

**06-bootstrap**

The bootstrap exercises were checked for accessibility using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML. No errors were found.

**07-javascript**

The javascript exercises were checked for accessibility using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tools for HTML and CSS. No errors were found.

**08-jquery**

The jquery exercises were checked for accessibility using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML. No errors were found.